---
title: Curriculum Vitae
description: Why you should consider hiring me
permalink: /cv/
---

Most of this info is also available on my [linkedin
profile](https://linkedin.com/in/misterio7), if you prefer.

## About

Undergraduate Information Systems Student @ [ICMC USP](https://icmc.usp.br)

My interests in computing include free software, distributed systems, software
engineering, reproducibility, DevOps, CI/CD, and development tooling.

I started out with Linux, service hosting, programming, and design as a
teenager, and have never stopped. I currently contribute to a few free software
projects, some of them of my own creation. My technologies of choice nowadays
are Rust, Haskell, Lua, PostgreSQL, Nix(OS), Docker, and Terraform.

Most of my professional experience consists of development processes, build
systems, and infrastructure. I also have some experience with backend
development, UI/UX, as well as (web and graphical) design.

I'm currently a Computer Information Systems undergrad student at [University
of São Paulo](https://usp.br), in my final year. I'm the director and
co-founder of our institute's Free Software extension group,
[GELOS](https://gelos.club)

Outside of computing, I enjoy reading (mostly sci-fi), playing the keyboard,
snuggling with my pets, voicing my opinions, and speaking about things I'm
passionate about.

I love learning new things and teaching what I know; my biggest goal in life is
to learn and teach as much as I can.

## Education

### Computer Information Systems (2020-2022)

[University of São Paulo](https://usp.br), [Institute of Mathematics and
Computer Sciences](https://icmc.usp.br).

ICMC is a special place, full of amazing people. My time here made me fall in
love (even more) with computing and science.

I've studied a bit about a lot of different areas in computing, and gained a
lot of interpersonal experience. Subjects I've particularly enjoyed include
Software Engineering, Software Testing, Databases, and Operating Systems.

I'm one of the founding members and currently director at our [Open Source &
Free Software extracurricular group](https://gelos.club).

## Industry experience

### DevOps Engineer (2020-2022)

[U-Get](https://uget.express).

U-Get is a brazillian startup that pioneered a computer vision-based vending
machine system. The system is able to recognize and bill customers based on
what they grabbed from a simple machine (a fridge, for example), avoiding
complex and expensive mechanisms present in traditional vending machines. This
flexibility makes it possible to set up vending spots that are similar in
opration to trust markets, without requiring any trust; making them viable for
public spaces.

I've started working with U-Get in 2020, and still do. Our team built our
systems from the ground up - including mobile apps, fleet management and
billing systems; leveraging Cloud of Things technologies.

I mostly work with automation, databases, and service architecture; I've
championed development cultural changes, making me the person in charge of
CI/CD, version control, and cloud infrastructure. 

During 2022, I've led a successful change to declarative infrastructure
(through Terraform), this came in handy when we needed to replicate our cloud.

### Communication Intern (2020-2020)

[EVAG](https://evag.me)

A temporary job during brazillian 2020 municipal elections, I've built campaign
websites for multiple candidates. The job involved working closely together
with the candidates, and making their requirements into actual websites in a
short timespan. We've used a few internal tools and wordpress.

## Open Source Experience

### Flavours

[Flavours](https://github.com/misterio77/flavours) is a command line tool to
aid in managing and applying [base16](https://github.com/chriskempson/base16)
color schemes to different programs a person uses. This allows for consistent
theming that can be easily changed (after setting it up once), and works
specially well for programs that have text-based configuration files.

I designed it to scratch a personal itch: changing themes with a single command
(or click). People seemed to use base16 manually, and I had to combine multiple
different software in an unorthodox script to automate theme changing.

Flavours is my attempt at remaking my script into an easy to use, highly
composable CLI utility, with great UX. Flavours is, unexpectedly, quite
popular (nearing 300 stars at github now).

I've received multiple suggestions, as well as docs and code contributions from
other users. Flavours now has automatic scheme generation, better
scheme/template management, among other changes.

Creating flavours taught me Rust, software packaging and distribution, code
review, and how to be a open source maintainer.

### Nix ecossystem

[Nix](https://nixos.org) is a build and deployment tool based on functional
programming concepts, such as immutability. It allows for highly reproducible
packaging, as well as fully declarative Linux systems through
[NixOS](https://nixos.org). Everything is written in the Nix Expression Language.

I'm a very active member in the community. Besides contributing with packages
and modules, I've also created a couple relatively popular projects for the
ecossystem:
- [nix-colors](https://github.com/misterio77/nix-colors), a repository of
    nix-accessible base16 color schemes and a module that make their use more
    convenient. It's designed to be a declarative alternative to flavours. It
    currently has 100+ stars on github.
- [nix-starter-configs](https://github.com/misterio77/nix-starter-configs)
    is a collection of nix repository templates. It aims to provide simple,
    opinionated templates so that people starting out with Nix can avoid
    writing boilerplate code. It originated from templates I wrote for friends,
    which I decided to polish and publish. It currently has 200+ stars on
    github.
